add refresh & replace to run api docs (#1724)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/run/modes-and-options.html.md

---
layout: "cloud"
page_title: "Run Modes and Options - Runs - Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise"
---

# Run Modes and Options

> Terraform Cloud support many of the same modes and options available in local operations mode.

Reviewer: (Starting to try and shy away from 'local operations mode')

```suggestion
Terraform Cloud runs support many of the same modes and options available in Terraform CLI.
```

Author: :fire-shh:

## Destroy Mode

[Destroy mode](/docs/cli/commands/plan.html#planning-modes) instructs Terraform to create a plan which destroys all objects, regardless of configuration changes.

> Command line users can activate destroy mode using `terraform plan -destroy` or `terraform destroy`, while API users can use the `is-destroy` option. Destroy runs may also be created through the UI via the workspace's "Destruction and Deletion" settings page.

Reviewer: Oooo I think this is lovely FWIW.

> Command line users can activate destroy mode using `terraform plan -destroy` or `terraform destroy`, while API users can use the `is-destroy` option. Destroy runs may also be created through the UI via the workspace's "Destruction and Deletion" settings page.

Author: Oooh nice! 🙌🏻

## Refresh-Only Mode

> -> **Version note:** Refresh-only support is available in Terraform CLI versions v0.15.4 and later, with server-side support available in Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise v202106-1 and later.

Reviewer: (For this and all notes like it)

"server-side" feels a little dated and emphasizing the remote version may be more helpful; how about:

```suggestion
-> **Version note:** Refresh-only support requires a Terraform Cloud workspace to use Terraform CLI version v0.15.4 or later. For Terraform Enterprise users, v202106-1 or later is required.
```

(There's the extra caveat that for the CLI workflow your _local_ version requires a minimum version, but I don't think that's as important here - if you're executing a command that isn't in the version of Terraform you're using locally, it's more obvious)

Author: This is a great point - I wordsmithed it just a bit more because I realized that Terraform Cloud support is kind of implied. How's this sound?

> -> **Version note:** Refresh-only support is available in Terraform Enterprise v202106-1 or later, and requires a workspace using at least Terraform CLI v0.15.2.

[Refresh-only mode](/docs/cli/commands/plan.html#planning-modes) instructs Terraform to create a plan which updates the Terraform state to match changes made to remote objects outside of Terraform.

Activate refresh-only mode using the `-refresh-only` flag on the command line or the `refresh-only` option in the API.

> ## Disable Automatic State Refresh

Reviewer: Matches the CLI, too! 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2430490/119514405-9c1f9380-bd3a-11eb-9e8d-cef493dae4a0.png)

> ## Disable Automatic State Refresh

Author: noice!
